
SPEAKER 1 0:00:00
omega 1 Hello everybody and welcome to the most watched live show in the known universe so far. I am again as you know me the apostate prophet apostate and I want to say welcome to everybody and thanks for viewing and listening again wherever you are. And here with me is our dear friend David Wood. 
SPEAKER 2 0:01:32
Okay, okay, a dog, diesel. 
SPEAKER 1 0:01:35
Yeah, how are you doing David Wood? Oh, you doing good, good, good, how are you? Good, good, good, good, good. Awesome awesome fantastic. 
SPEAKER 2 0:01:44
On the you fascinating, yes, go ahead. Oh, just do you? Because we're talking about, um, I do sometimes. 
SPEAKER 1 0:01:51
Don't it my brother's called me from prison. 
SPEAKER 2 0:01:55
Okay, he can wait. 
SPEAKER 1 0:01:57
Go take a break. Um, what was I talking about? 
SPEAKER 2 0:02:03
Oh, we're finally talking about, we're finally talking about, we're finally doing a live stream on Jordan Peter. 
SPEAKER 1 0:02:09
I don't know about you but whenever he is done his interviews, I like get flooded with, hey, are you going to, are you going to, are you going to, guys going to respond to this or are you going to look into this and stuff like that? 
SPEAKER 2 0:02:20
Do you, do you get that, do you get a bunch of those to do? 
SPEAKER 1 0:02:22
I get it all the time, every stream, every, uh, comment section on my videos, everyone is like, hey, say something about Jordan Peterson, they respond to Jordan Peterson and I do want to do that, but I just, I think we just took our time with that a little bit here. Yeah, and I, uh, like, I watched the video that we're going to discuss now, um, other than that, I mean, I saw like a clip or two from the, a job discussion and then, I haven't seen the harms are used if one, but, um, yep, well, yeah, happy, happy to go through those, because, I mean, yeah, there's a lot to say about, about both of those, about every single one of those instance of those, of those videos where he talked about Islam or two Muslims, I have a lot to say, you know, just don't know how much I can be respectful as I say them. 
SPEAKER 2 0:03:15
I'm interested in it, because I mean, with it, I mean, I don't know enough about Hamza use it to know what to expect like with with with the dialogue guys, with the dialogue gangs, the dialogue andists. 
SPEAKER 1 0:03:27
Yeah, it's, it's been pretty clear for the past couple of years, what, what their approach is they've, 
SPEAKER 2 0:03:34
it, it, it almost seems like they realize their arguments don't work anymore on people who are informed, and so their entire goal for the past couple of years is to get exposure among large groups of people who aren't familiar with the problems and their arguments and the problems, what they're saying, and that the best way to do that is to get on people's podcasts and get on people's shows and stuff like that, and then all the sudden now they've got hundreds of thousands or millions of new viewers who don't know that the stuff they're spouting is complete nonsense and can't point out the problems, 
SPEAKER 1 0:04:06
and it seems like the goal is just to, it's, it's like they're looking for an atmosphere of ignorance, right? 
SPEAKER 2 0:04:13
We, we need an atmosphere of ignorance where no one knows anything about Muhammad or the Quran, and then we, then we can give our dialogue pitch, 
SPEAKER 1 0:04:19
and so hence hence Jordan Peterson. I notice that you just refer to the dialogue people as dialogue gang, which I find very offensive because it sounds like you're implying that they are gang. 